Careers Home | Not Ready to Apply? 

Document Specialist - Pharmaceutical Share Print
Job ID: 944775 San Jose, California Job Type: Contract To Hire Added - a day ago
Job Description
Innova Solutions is immediately hiring for a Document Specialist
Position type: Contract
Duration : 3month – to Hire
Location: Remote
As a Document Specialist you will:

Principal Responsibilities
Modify product labeling documents in desktop publishing and graphic design software, such as Adobe Creative Suite
Work within the document control system to execute change orders for labeling documents.
Coordinate outsourced labeling activities such as translations.
Maintain trained status for, and comply with, all relevant aspects of the PROCEPT BioRobotics Quality Management System to ensure product and support regulatory compliance
Understand and adhere to the PROCEPT BioRobotics EHS Policy
KNOWLEDGE AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS
Familiarity with document or content management systems is preferred.
Proficiency in desktop publishing software, such as Adobe InDesign
Proficiency in basic computer skills, including Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint and Excel) and Adobe Acrobat
Familiarity with graphic design software, such as Adobe Illustrator
Strong organization skills, able to manage multiple projects and timelines
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Ability to work independently as an individual contributor and in a team environment
Qualified candidates should APPLY NOW for immediate consideration! Please hit APPLY to provide the required information, and we will be back in touch as soon as possible.
We are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar positions. If this role is not a fit for you, we do offer a referral bonus program for referrals that we successfully place with our clients, subject to program guidelines. ASK ME HOW.
Thank you!
Tevin Quick
PAY RANGE AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range*: $29 - $33/hr
*Pay range offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors, including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc.
Benefits: Innova Solutions offers benefits( based on eligibility) that include the following: Medical & pharmacy coverage, Dental/vision insurance, 401(k), Health saving account (HSA) and Flexible spending account (FSA), Life Insurance, Pet Insurance, Short term and Long term Disability, Accident & Critical illness coverage, Pre-paid legal & ID theft protection, Sick time, and other types of paid leaves (as required by law), Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
ABOUT INNOVA SOLUTIONS: Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Innova Solutions employs approximately 50,000 professionals worldwide and reports an annual revenue approaching $3 Billion. Through our global delivery centers across North America, Asia, and Europe, we deliver strategic technology and business transformation solutions to our clients, enabling them to operate as leaders within their fields.
Recent Recognitions:
One of Largest IT Consulting Staffing firms in the USA - Recognized as #4 by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA 2022)
ClearlyRated® Client Diamond Award Winner (2020)
One of the Largest Certified MBE Companies in the NMSDC Network (2022)
Advanced Tier Services partner with AWS and Gold with MS
Website: https://www.innovasolutions.com/
Innova Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits any kind of unlawful discrimination and harassment. Innova Solutions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national origin, citizenship, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by the statutes, rules, and regulations in the locations where it operates. If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us at or (770) 493-5588. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed. Innova Solutions encourages all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities. Innova Solutions (HireGenics/Volt) does not discriminate against applicants based on citizenship status, immigration status, or national origin, in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b.
The company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner that complies with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and other applicable laws.
American Cybersystems, Inc is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
 
Job ID: 944775 San Jose, California Job Type: Contract To Hire Added - a day ago
Related Pharmaceutical Jobs
Deviation Management Specialist - I (Assistant)
Lansdale, Pennsylvania
Regulatory CMC Combination Product/Device Senior Manager – Part time – Remote
Project Manager_Scientific I (Assistant)
North Wales, Pennsylvania
Quality Records Specialist
Summit, New Jersey
MES Technical Writer
Fremont, California
VIEW ALL JOBS IN THIS CATEGORY
