Careers Home | Not Ready to Apply? 

Network Control - Contractor - L2 - Information Technology Share Print
Job ID: 944816 Melbourne, Florida Job Type: Contract Added - 03/15/24
Job Description
Innova Solutions is immediately hiring Network Control.
 
Position Type: Full Time Contract, Temp to Perm
Duration: 12 Months
Location: Melbourne, FL
 
As a Network Control, you will:
Provide technical support for large private communications network. Handle first line of support for customer and field calls into an operations center.
Log calls and perform preliminary investigations into reported network issues.
Create trouble tickets and initiate workflow for problem resolution.
Monitor, analyze, and troubleshoot network problems within an operations center utilizing network management and monitoring tools.
Employs various test methods used to remotely analyze fractional Enterprise Data networks including fractional T1; T1; fractional T3; T3; Ethernet; IP; and RF.
Interprets equipment alarms in the network on-premises equipment or telco's network and move forward towards service restoration.
Resolve problems using internal and external groups as needed to correct trouble on the network and interact with the customer.
This position is part of an onsite 24x7 network control environment. Shift and workday flexibility is required.
CCNA Certification or must obtain within 3 months of start date.

The ideal candidate will have:
Bachelor’s degree in Telecommunications, Engineering, Networking, Information Technology or related field with (2) years of prior related experience or 2 years post-Secondary/ Associate’s Degree with a minimum of (6) years of prior related experience.
Minimum of (2) Years Telecommunications Network Troubleshooting experience.
Additional Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities considered:
Experience with Layer 1 Troubleshooting
Experience with call center phone systems and working with geographically dispersed teams.
Experience in Physical layer and routed technologies experience.
Experience with Network Management systems and tools.
Experience in remote maintenance and repair of CISCO network equipment.
Experience with interacting with customers and meeting service-level timelines.
 
Qualified candidates should APPLY NOW for immediate consideration! Please hit APPLY to provide the required information, and we will be back in touch as soon as possible.
We are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar positions. If this role is not a fit for you, we do offer a referral bonus program for referrals that we successfully place with our clients, subject to program guidelines. ASK ME HOW.
 
Thank you!
Naval Sisodia
Lead Recruitment
(218) 319-7936
naval.sisodia@innovasolutions.com
 
PAY RANGE AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range*: $30-$38 per hour.
*Pay range offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors, including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc.
 
Benefits: Innova Solutions offers benefits( based on eligibility) that include the following: Medical & pharmacy coverage, Dental/vision insurance, 401(k), Health saving account (HSA) and Flexible spending account (FSA), Life Insurance, Pet Insurance, Short term and Long term Disability, Accident & Critical illness coverage, Pre-paid legal & ID theft protection, Sick time, and other types of paid leaves (as required by law), Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
 
ABOUT INNOVA SOLUTIONS: Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Innova Solutions employs approximately 50,000 professionals worldwide and reports an annual revenue approaching $3 Billion. Through our global delivery centers across North America, Asia, and Europe, we deliver strategic technology and business transformation solutions to our clients, enabling them to operate as leaders within their fields.
 
Recent Recognitions:
One of Largest IT Consulting Staffing firms in the USA – Recognized as #4 by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA 2022)
ClearlyRated® Client Diamond Award Winner (2020)
One of the Largest Certified MBE Companies in the NMSDC Network (2022)
Advanced Tier Services partner with AWS and Gold with MS
 
Website: https://www.innovasolutions.com/
 
Innova Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits any kind of unlawful discrimination and harassment. Innova Solutions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national origin, citizenship, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by the statutes, rules, and regulations in the locations where it operates.  If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us at hr@innovasolutions.com or (770) 493-5588. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed.  Innova Solutions encourages all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities. Innova Solutions (HireGenics/Volt) does not discriminate against applicants based on citizenship status, immigration status, or national origin, in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b.
The company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner that complies with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and other applicable laws.
Job ID: 944816 Melbourne, Florida Job Type: Contract Added - 03/15/24
Related Information Technology Jobs
BrS Tier II Technician
Santa Barbara County, California
Telcom Domain SME
San Antonio, Texas
Telcom Domain SME
San Antonio, Texas
Supply Chain Planner
Boudry, Nebraska
Senior Technical Project Manager
Richmond, Virginia
VIEW ALL JOBS IN THIS CATEGORY
