Careers Home | Not Ready to Apply? 

Admin - US - Customer Service Rep 3 - Admin - Clerical Share Print
Job ID: 944857 SAINT PETERS, Missouri Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Job Description
Innova Solutions is immediately hiring for a Customer Service Rep 3.
 
Position type: Full-Time, Contract
Duration: 12-month contract (With possible Extension)  
Location: SAINT PETERS MO 63376
 
As a Customer Service Rep 3, you will:           
 
Job Description:
Responsible for interacting with customers to provide information in response to inquiries about products and services and to handle and resolve complaints. Education/Experience: High School Diploma or equivalent. 5 to 7 years customer service-related experience required. Skills and Competencies: Verbal and written communication skills, attention to detail, customer service skills and interpersonal skills. Ability to work independently and manage one’s time. Ability to accurately document and record customer/client information. Previous experience with computer applications, such as MS Outlook or data entry software. Major Job Duties and Responsibilities: Resolve customers’ service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, and adjusting bills. Contact customers to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results and any planned adjustments. Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation. Keep records of customer interactions and transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, and comments, as well as actions taken.

Comments for Suppliers: Overtime hours- backlog, voluntary OT first then mandatory based on volume, capped at an hour per day for work-life balance. Currently three 1-hour OT days a week. OT can be worked anytime outside standard working hours, any time between 5:30 am-10:00 pm CST.
 
The ideal candidate will have: Customer service skills, warranty claims, 3-5 years of experience.  
 
Qualified candidates should APPLY NOW for immediate consideration!  Please hit APPLY to provide the required information, and we will be back in touch as soon as possible.
We are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar positions. If this role is not a fit for you, we do offer a referral bonus program for referrals that we successfully place with our clients, subject to program guidelines.   ASK ME HOW.
Thank you!
Mohd Adnan
Associate Team Lead – Recruitment
 
PAY RANGE AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range*: $20 - $22 per Hour    
*Pay range offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors, including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc.
 
Benefits: Innova Solutions offers benefits( based on eligibility) that include the following: Medical & pharmacy coverage, Dental/vision insurance, 401(k), Health saving account (HSA) and Flexible spending account (FSA), Life Insurance, Pet Insurance, Short term and Long term Disability, Accident & Critical illness coverage, Pre-paid legal & ID theft protection, Sick time, and other types of paid leaves (as required by law), Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
 
ABOUT INNOVA SOLUTIONS: Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Innova Solutions employs approximately 50,000 professionals worldwide and reports an annual revenue approaching $3 Billion. Through our global delivery centers across North America, Asia, and Europe, we deliver strategic technology and business transformation solutions to our clients, enabling them to operate as leaders within their fields.
 
Recent Recognitions:
One of Largest IT Consulting Staffing firms in the USA – Recognized as #4 by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA 2022)
ClearlyRated® Client Diamond Award Winner (2020)
One of the Largest Certified MBE Companies in the NMSDC Network (2022)
Advanced Tier Services partner with AWS and Gold with MS
Website: https://www.innovasolutions.com/
 
Innova Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits any kind of unlawful discrimination and harassment. Innova Solutions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national origin, citizenship, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by the statutes, rules, and regulations in the locations where it operates.  If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us at hr@innovasolutions.com or (770) 493-5588. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed.  Innova Solutions encourages all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.   Innova Solutions (HireGenics/Volt) does not discriminate against applicants based on citizenship status, immigration status, or national origin, in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b.
The company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner that complies with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and other applicable laws.
 
Job ID: 944857 SAINT PETERS, Missouri Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Related Admin - Clerical Jobs
Admin - US - Data Entry 2
Tallahassee, Florida
Admin - US - Collections 2
Noblesville, Indiana
152235 - OTC Derivatives Confirmations Drafter
Charlotte, North Carolina
Medical Receptionist
Syracuse, New York
Services Operations Advisor
Vernon Hills, Illinois
VIEW ALL JOBS IN THIS CATEGORY
