Careers Home | Not Ready to Apply? 

pre-beeline - Sr Business Analyst - Minneapolis, Charlotte, San Fran (supporting east coast) - Analyst Share Print
Job ID: 944807 MInneapolis, Minnesota Job Type: Contract Added - 12 hours ago
Job Description
Innova Solutions is immediately hiring for Sr. Business Analyst-Payments Services
 

Location: Minneapolis, MN/ Charlotte, NC /San Francisco, CA
 
As a Sr. business analyst- you would:
 
documenting business-focused Agile features and user stories
Use case development.
Data analysis and presentation
Process oriented thinking and approach.
 
The ideal candidate will have:
Product-specific knowledge:
International Payment products:
SWIFT MT and ISO message types and translation, especially clearing conversion projects.
Nostro Clearing and Settlement
Payment Clearing Networks
Wires/SWIFT/RTP and ACH-type payments knowledge
Foreign Exchange  
Prior experience with any Core banking system (i.e. Bank-in-a-box) is a plus.
Minimum 5 years business analysis experience including Agile feature and user story development, preferably for banking products and services, and specifically in support of Treasury Management products and services (i.e. Payments, Liquidity Management, Accounting, FX, Risk including Compliance and Regulatory)
Exceptional analytical capabilities, including proficiency in Excel.
Expertise in other MS Office software products including Power Point, Word, and Visio a plus.
Excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to clearly communicate ideas to diverse business and technical audiences.
Proficiency at utilizing Jira and Confluence for product feature documentation and data management.
 
 
Qualified candidates should APPLY NOW for immediate consideration!  Please hit APPLY to provide the required information, and we will be back in touch as soon as possible.
We are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar positions. If this role is not a fit for you, we do offer a referral bonus program for referrals that we successfully place with our clients, subject to program guidelines.   ASK ME HOW.
Thank you!
 
YOUR NAME:  Kavita Singh
TITLE: Innovator
 
PAY RANGE AND BENEFITS:
 
Pay Range*: <Between $50 - $60 per hour>
*Pay range offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors, including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc.
 
Benefits: Innova Solutions offers benefits( based on eligibility) that include the following: Medical & pharmacy coverage, Dental/vision insurance, 401(k), Health saving account (HSA) and Flexible spending account (FSA), Life Insurance, Pet Insurance, Short term and Long term Disability, Accident & Critical illness coverage, Pre-paid legal & ID theft protection, Sick time, and other types of paid leaves (as required by law), Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
 
ABOUT INNOVA SOLUTIONS: Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Innova Solutions employs approximately 50,000 professionals worldwide and reports an annual revenue approaching $3 Billion. Through our global delivery centres across North America, Asia, and Europe, we deliver strategic technology and business transformation solutions to our clients, enabling them to operate as leaders within their fields.
 
Recent Recognitions:
One of Largest IT Consulting Staffing firms in the USA – Recognized as #4 by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA 2022)
ClearlyRated® Client Diamond Award Winner (2020)
One of the Largest Certified MBE Companies in the NMSDC Network (2022)
Advanced Tier Services partner with AWS and Gold with MS
Website: https://www.innovasolutions.com/
 
Innova Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits any kind of unlawful discrimination and harassment. Innova Solutions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national origin, citizenship, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by the statutes, rules, and regulations in the locations where it operates.  If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us at hr@innovasolutions.com or (770) 493-5588. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed.  Innova Solutions encourages all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.   Innova Solutions (HireGenics/Volt) does not discriminate against applicants based on citizenship status, immigration status, or national origin, in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b.
The company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner that complies with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and other applicable laws.
 
 
Job ID: 944807 MInneapolis, Minnesota Job Type: Contract Added - 12 hours ago
Related Analyst Jobs
Senior Lead Analytics Consultant 152545
Chandler, Arizona
Analytical Chemistry
Austin, TX, Texas
ATE Technician
Santa Clara, CA, California
VIEW ALL JOBS IN THIS CATEGORY
