Careers Home | Not Ready to Apply? 

Medical Lab Scientist II - Health Care Share Print
Job ID: 944822 Rochester Hills, Michigan Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Job Description
Innova Solutions is immediately hiring for a Medical Lab Scientist II

Position: Type: Full Time, Contract
Duration: 12+ Months (Possibility to extend)
Location: Rochester, MI 48307

Shift: Mon-Friday 11pm- 7 AM rotating weekends

Job Description: 

Note:
Vaccine requirement: FLU
Need full time midnight associate to do MON-FRI 11 pm to 7 am, with every other weekend rotation.
ASCP/AMT certification is required.
Core lab generalist- someone to do chem/heme/urines/coag/blood bank(if possible).
Blood Bank experience is strongly preferred.
BSMT, or MLT is acceptable.
Medical Lab Technician [2 year MLT degree ] or Medical Lab Scientist / Medical Technologist [4 year BS] or are you open to either? OPEN TO BOTH
ASCP or AMT certification is required. [If required, are you open to eligible /registered candidate
Required:
Seeking a generalist [proficient in testing in all Chemistry, Hematology, Urinalysis, Coagulation] or are you URANALISIS] WITH BLOOD BANK EXPERIENCE WOULD BE A BIG PLUS.
[Micro lab, Core lab, DNA sequence, etc.] CORE LAB is Blood Bank experience required for this role? STRONGLY PREFERRED- ALMOST REQUIRED
Responsibilities are interchangeable within job titles of medical laboratory scientist (MLS), medical technologist or clinical laboratory scientist.
Work environment/department will be listed in requirement. Determine the acceptability of specimens for testing according to established criteria.
Perform routine and complex technical procedures and functions according to departmental Standard Operating Procedures.
Monitor, operate and troubleshoot instrumentation to ensure proper functionality.
Demonstrate the ability to make technical decisions regarding testing and problem solving. Prepare, test, and evaluate new reagents or controls.
Report accurate and timely test results to deliver quality patient care.
Perform and document preventive maintenance and quality control procedures. Identify and replenish testing bench supplies as necessary.
Assist with processing of specimens when needed. Maintain a safe work environment and wear appropriate personal protective equipment
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Biology, Chemistry, Clinical Laboratory Science, Medical Technology or meet local regulatory (CLIA & State) requirements.
Minimum 2-4 years of clinical laboratory testing experience is required.
State Medical Technologist license may be required (will be listed in requirement if it needed).
ASCP or AMT certification is either preferred or required (will be listed in requirement if its required).
Ability to work independently and within a team environment.
Proficient with computers; Familiarity with laboratory information systems is a plus. High level of attention detail along with strong communication and organizational skills.
Must be able to pass a standardized colour vision screen.
Flexibility to work overtime or other shifts depending on business needs
Qualified candidates should APPLY NOW for immediate consideration!  Please hit APPLY to provide the required information, and we will be back in touch as soon as possible.
 
Thank you!

Aravind Kumar L K
Lead - Recruitment 
PHONE: (+1) 678-487-8364
EMAIL: Aravind.KumarKL@innovasolutions.com
 
PAY RANGE AND BENEFITS:
 
Pay Range*: Between $43.00 to $45.00 Per Hour
 
*Pay range offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors, including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc.
 
Benefits: Innova Solutions offers benefits( based on eligibility) that include the following: Medical & pharmacy coverage, Dental/vision insurance, 401(k), Health saving account (HSA) and Flexible spending account (FSA), Life Insurance, Pet Insurance, Short term and Long term Disability, Accident & Critical illness coverage, Pre-paid legal & ID theft protection, Sick time, and other types of paid leaves (as required by law), Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
 
ABOUT INNOVA SOLUTIONS: Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Innova Solutions employs approximately 50,000 professionals worldwide and reports an annual revenue approaching $3 Billion. Through our global delivery centers across North America, Asia, and Europe, we deliver strategic technology and business transformation solutions to our clients, enabling them to operate as leaders within their fields.
 
Recent Recognitions:
One of Largest IT Consulting Staffing firms in the USA – Recognized as #4 by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA 2022)
ClearlyRated® Client Diamond Award Winner (2020)
One of the Largest Certified MBE Companies in the NMSDC Network (2022)
Advanced Tier Services partner with AWS and Gold with MS

Website: https://www.innovasolutions.com/
 
Innova Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits any kind of unlawful discrimination and harassment. Innova Solutions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national origin, citizenship, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by the statutes, rules, and regulations in the locations where it operates.  If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us at hr@innovasolutions.com or (770) 493-5588. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed.  Innova Solutions encourages all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.   Innova Solutions (HireGenics/Volt) does not discriminate against applicants based on citizenship status, immigration status, or national origin, in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b.
The company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner that complies with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and other applicable laws.
Job ID: 944822 Rochester Hills, Michigan Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Related Health Care Jobs
Phlebotomist I
Wauwatosa, Wisconsin
Exception Business Professional
Durham, North Carolina
Investigator Services Assistant - (AMER)
Highland Heights, Kentucky
Phlebotomist II
Nashville, Tennessee
Phlebotomist I
Corona, California
VIEW ALL JOBS IN THIS CATEGORY
