Careers Home | Not Ready to Apply? 

BrS Tier II Technician - Information Technology Share Print
Job ID: 944894 Santa Barbara County, California Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Job Description
Innova Solutions is immediately hiring a Tier II Technician. Clearance Required: Active Top Secret/SCI with CI Poly

Position Type: Full-Time Contract
Duration: 12+ Months
Location: Santa Barbara County, CA (Lompoc) (Onsite)

As a Tier II Technician, you will:

Support the installation and maintenance of the client’s Local Area Network (LAN)/Wide Area Network (WAN) devices.
Respond to and resolve incident tickets.
Implement standard network change requests.
Provide support to Tier III network engineers for incident management and projects (site surveys, coordinate and install new equipment).
Coordinate network operations, maintenance, repairs, or upgrades.
Perform configuration management functions such as update topology drawings, ensure asset management records are accurate, and conduct inventory.

The ideal candidate will have:
Candidate must have 10 years of relevant/related work experience, which can be a combination of work history and education. This equates to a doctorate and 3 years of experience; OR a master’s and 4 years, OR a bachelor’s and 6 years, OR an associates and 8 years, OR a High School diploma and 10 years.
Must comply with DoD 8570 Information Assurance Technical (IAT) Level 2.
Ability to travel 25% percent of the time.
Layer 1 and Layer 2 network experience.
Knowledge of Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) and Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model.
Working knowledge of layer 2 switching concepts.
Working knowledge of basic routing fundamentals.
Working knowledge of Layer 3 protocols such as Open Shortest Path First (OSPF), Border Gateway Protocol (BGP), and Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol (VRRP).
Working knowledge of Service Now or similar IT Service Management (ITSM) products.
Clearance Required: Active Top Secret/SCI with CI Poly.

Qualified candidates should APPLY NOW for immediate consideration! Please hit APPLY to provide the required information, and we will be back in touch as soon as possible.
We are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar positions. If this role is not a fit for you, we do offer a referral bonus program for referrals that we successfully place with our clients, subject to program guidelines. ASK ME HOW.

Thank you!
Naval Sisodia
Lead Recruitment
(+1) 218-319-7936
naval.sisodia@innovasolutions.com

PAY RANGE AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range*: $55-$65/hr per hour.
*Pay range offered to a successful candidate will be based on several factors, including the candidate's education, work experience, work location, specific job duties, certifications, etc.

Benefits: Innova Solutions offers benefits( based on eligibility) that include the following: Medical & pharmacy coverage, Dental/vision insurance, 401(k), Health saving account (HSA) and Flexible spending account (FSA), Life Insurance, Pet Insurance, Short term and Long term Disability, Accident & Critical illness coverage, Pre-paid legal & ID theft protection, Sick time, and other types of paid leaves (as required by law), Employee Assistance Program (EAP).

ABOUT INNOVA SOLUTIONS: Founded in 1998 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Innova Solutions employs approximately 50,000 professionals worldwide and reports an annual revenue approaching $3 Billion. Through our global delivery centers across North America, Asia, and Europe, we deliver strategic technology and business transformation solutions to our clients, enabling them to operate as leaders within their fields.

Recent Recognitions:
One of Largest IT Consulting Staffing firms in the USA – Recognized as #4 by Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA 2022)
ClearlyRated® Client Diamond Award Winner (2020)
One of the Largest Certified MBE Companies in the NMSDC Network (2022)
Advanced Tier Services partner with AWS and Gold with MS

Website: https://www.innovasolutions.com/

Innova Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits any kind of unlawful discrimination and harassment. Innova Solutions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national origin, citizenship, social or ethnic origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by the statutes, rules, and regulations in the locations where it operates.  If you are an individual with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us at hr@innovasolutions.com or (770) 493-5588. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed.  Innova Solutions encourages all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities. Innova Solutions (HireGenics/Volt) does not discriminate against applicants based on citizenship status, immigration status, or national origin, in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b.
The company will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner that complies with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and other applicable laws.

Job ID: 944894 Santa Barbara County, California Job Type: Contract Added - a day ago
Related Information Technology Jobs
Network Control - Contractor - L2
Melbourne, Florida
Telcom Domain SME
San Antonio, Texas
Telcom Domain SME
San Antonio, Texas
Supply Chain Planner
Boudry, Nebraska
Senior Technical Project Manager
Richmond, Virginia
VIEW ALL JOBS IN THIS CATEGORY
